---
layout: post
title: J.P. Lick's - September 9, 2019
date:   2019-09-09 08:58:45 -0400
categories: icecream
---

I had spent the afternoon wandering down Newbury Street. I stopped in the quiet little J.P. Lick’s location on Charles Street.

### What I Tasted
Butter Almond; Cappuccino Crunch

### What I Ordered
Butter Almond is creamy and delicate.

The base is definitely a butter flavor, not simply cream or vanilla. It’s quite sweet, which isn’t surprising for a cream flavor like this one (or, for example, maple walnut or butter pecan), but I found it a little too sweet. Others could reasonably disagree.

Whole, raw almonds added some crunch. They provided some nice variation, but they should have been roasted to make them less bitter and more crunchy.

The texture was soft, almost too soft by New England standards. It was easy to spoon but melted quickly.

### The Shop
In any other town, J.P. Lick’s would be a standout. They experiment with seasonal flavors and consistently nail some of their more traditional ones, see, e.g., black raspberry. But in a town with so many great options, it’s hard to forgive some of Lick’s shortcomings: their texture can be hit-or-miss, their execution sometimes falls short, as the raw almonds did here, and they cost at least as much as their smaller-batch competitors.

Still, Lick’s is popular and for good reason. They have locations all over Boston. And their ice cream is, overall, rather good.

J.P. Lick’s is the baseline for ice cream in Boston. That isn’t to say that it’s a bad scoop shop–just that it’s a good one in a town full of greats.
