---
layout: post
author: dylan
title: "Baskin Robbins - July 17, 2020"
---
I do not frequent Baskin Robbins. It's not that I only eat fancy ice cream--a vanilla soft serve off a Mister Softee truck is one of my favorite summer indulgences. It's just that Baskin is charmless and I doubted the ice cream was good.

But it was free. I had a Dunkin Donuts gift card, and NYC is full of Dunkin/Baskin combo shops. So on a sticky Friday afternoon, I walked downtown and into an unremarkable BR shop.

### *What I Tasted:*
Tastes, like many other small joys, are currently cancelled due to the coronavirus pandemic.

### *What I Ordered:*
My scoop of rocky road was *fine*.

It had all the hallmarks of the flavor:  rich chocolate, chewy marshmallows, and crunch nuts. That combination is a winner in my book. It's sweet but a little salty, chewy and crunchy.

But BR came up short on the texture. There was a lot of ice in it--not just a bite or two, but entire ribbons of crunchy, frozen water. The chewy marshmallow undid some of the damage. Still, the texture was bad.

I have no regrets, however. I ate my scoop on a hot summer afternoon, leaning on a security barrier across from the SDNY, watching New York roll by. And it was free, after all.

### *The Shop*
BR was worse than fancy ice cream shops. That may seem obvious. But it was nice to confirm my assumption:  small, independent ice cream shops aren't all marketing. The ice cream is often better and worth the upcharge.

Then again, if it's really hot outside and you see a Mister Softee truck, get that. Hmm, maybe that's up next.
