---
layout: post
author: dylan
title: "Sundaes & Cones - June 2020"
---
Finally, I returned to my favorite scoop shop in New York City.

### *What I Tasted:*
Tastes, like many other small joys, are currently cancelled due to the coronavirus pandemic.

### *What I Ordered:*
Mocha chip had a creamy, moderate coffee flavor with hints of chocolate.  The coffee flavor wasn't as strong as "coffee" or "espresso" flavors at other shops.  But that's true to the flavor's name; it's a mocha, so it has less coffee flavor but a little more cream and a hint of chocolate instead.  

The texture was superb:  smooth and soft enough to melt a little, but not so fast that you feel rushed.  It was slightly softer than what you'll find in New England, where the ice cream is famously dense.

It had chocolate chips in it.  Frankly, this was the flavor's only weak spot.  The chips were small and made of semi-sweet chocolate.  I would've loved larger, darker chunks.  But maybe that's just nostalgia for my favorite coffee flavor of all time:  coffee chocolate chunk at Mitchell's Ice Cream in Ohio.  I dream about that stuff.

### *The Shop*
Sundaes & Cones remains my favorite shop in NYC.  It's quiet and their sizes and prices are both reasonable.  Their ice cream's texture is nearly always perfect, which is most important to me.  The flavors include a lot of classics (like mocha chip), but also a bunch of novelties (lychee, ube, green tea).  (They don't have as much variety as Il Laboratorio or Toscanini's, though.)  No one flavor reigns supreme, but I like that--it's an excuse to try something new every time.
