---
layout: post
author: dylan
title: "Stew Leonard's - September 6, 2020"
---
My brother and I returned to the goliath of grocery stores, the sultan of soft serve: Stew Leonard's.

### *What I Tasted*
Sweet, delicious joy. But no samples.

### *What I Ordered*
Chocolate and vanilla swirl is the classic. Soft serve flavor choice can be controversial. My brother swears by vanilla. He makes a (rather persuasive) argument that chocolate soft serve barely tastes like chocolate. And rather than put up with its ersatz attempt, he says, you should just commit to the creaminess of the vanilla. He may be right. But in any case, the stakes are low. Because, [as I have argued previously](/2020/09/01/softswerve.html), flavor matters less when it comes to soft serve.

Stew's soft serve is the best. I suspect it's actually custard: it's too creamy, too elastic. Whatever it is, it's perfect--sweet, creamy, smooth, and stretchy.

The price is unbeatable, too. It was $2.50 for a small cup. And you get a free one with every $100 you spend at the grocery store inside. That pricing is insane. It has to be a loss leader for their other products. Or as my grandma points out, it may be cheaper because Stew's owns a dairy farm--vertical integration, in economic terms. Either way, it's a steal.

### *The Shop*
Stew Leonard's makes amazing soft serve. You can eat it while you laugh at their chickens as they strut around their coop. And it is a grocery store, so you can pick up dinner after you're done. There you have it, folks, a
